# Meeting Notes

### 13th October 2020
#### What we did
* Created a meeting solution and discussed team synergy.
* Setup Jira for project management.
* Functional/Non-Functional system requirements.
* Added links to mattermost for other teams.
* Created meeting notes for other teams and team members.
* Questions created for Thursday.
* Created message diagram.
* Showed how numberplate recognition worked through GUI.
* Discussed JMS implementation requirements.
* Discussed testing of the solution.

#### To Do
* Special K - Continue JMS exploration and knowledge gathering.
* Matt - Will look at running the Java project on Ubuntu and how to interact through the command line with it.

#### Attending
Matt, Emma, Special K


### 15th October 2020
#### What we did
* Successfully ran javaanpr.jar from the command line.
* Reviewed JMS research and example code. https://github.com/KieronGillingham/SimpleJMSClient
* Discussed possible uses and implementations of researched technologies for the project

#### To Do
* Nothing

#### Attending
Matt, Emma, Special K


### 19th October 2020
#### What we did
* Kieron has tested using ANPR library as a dependency for another JAR project. 
* Bill of Materials
* Talked about the fact that we are two weeks in and no one seems to know what they are doing.

#### To Do
* Threads and then docker/compose
* How to shut the threads down
* Concurrent classes to avoid concurrent access exceptions
* Define JSON messages that we will be sending 
* Serialisation / Deserialisation of the image
* Maven ActiveMQ plugin-in should be used for testing
* JMX allows you to check how many things are in the queue
* Monitor the process 

#### Things to do for presentation one: 
* Deployment requirements
* Class Diagram
* Use case diagrams
* Explanation of our role in the project
* Add explanation to our project plan

#### Attending
Matt, Emma, Special K


### 29th October 2020
#### What we did
* Had a discussion about what to do next

#### To Do
* Add all requirements as issues
* Come up with a map between sprints and version numbers
* Make branch for our work
* Setup test environment on your own machine

#### Attending
Matt, Emma, Special K


### 3rd November 2020
#### What we did
* Set up sprint cards in project for an overall card of what needs to be done. To help with keeping a clear project plan
* Updated all diagrams to meet P1 new requirement to send us all the data over a JMS message instead of just ImageID
* Created a test plan so we know exactly all of the parts of the program we are testing 
* Talked about setting up a contract to agree on standards with other teams 
* Kieron went through a diagram he has created of the entire system
* Further integration tests for Java ANPR library using data streams

#### To Do
* Setup test environment on your own machine
* Finish system diagram
* Awaiting response to agreements with P1 and P3

#### Attending
Matt, Emma, Special K
